jaesi motorcycle superstore and this is
Pirellis angel GT rear tire now it's
important to note this is the standard
GT there's an a spec that thing is built
for heavy-duty sport touring bikes like
fjr1300 s the standard tire which you
see here this is meant for any kind of
sport touring bikes for instance you
could use it on a BMW 1000 RR 600 CC
sport bikes naked bikes whatever it is
ace it is a sport touring tire that's
designed to work across all spectrums in
terms of wet and dry performance so you
can see all this heavy these voids here
that's going to help evacuate the water
and this tread design is specifically
built to work in wet weather performance
it's a highly rated tyre for that
application now this tire is pretty
impressive
it's a radial design it uses Pirellis
patented zero degrees steel belt which
means they run at a zero degree angle to
the bead these belts run around the
distance of the tire like this it gives
it extra carcass strength it's one of
the ways that they're able to get it to
perform the way they want it to the
profile is going to make for easy
transition side to side and this tire
actually has a special compound build so
the GT is approximately 15 percent
longer wearing than the previous version
which was the angel st so that tyre was
proven extensively it's got multiple FIM
World Records this tires an improvement
on that it's going to have better
long-lasting performance so the tread
compound down the center of this thing
is going to give you that higher wear as
you lean it over you got better grip and
you're going to notice that these big
tread grooves they kind of taper off all
the way down here on the edge so as you
reach that maximum lean angle you have
as much contact on the ground as
possible now speaking of the edge here
some cool decals you can see it says
angel GT they've put the GT decal in the
center of the tire as well these are
actually wear indicators to a certain
extent once they start going away you
know you're wearing some rubber off of
your tire now we talked about the belts
we talked about the compounds here
another thing worth noting this is
actually been developed from World
Superbike racing so it's got a very high
speed rate it's a W speed rating also
what you're going to find out this tire
is that the profile the tread compound
and the zero Degree belts we talked
about all of those go into the
enhanced patch technology so basically
no matter where the tire is at and it's
lean angle it's going to have as much of
a contact patch as possible giving the
maximum performance so high silica
compound on this which means extra long
where you can find all the sizing for
this tire and see what is going to fit
which bikes it's applicable for
motorcycle superstore comm check out
some photos over there as well see rider
reviews very very popular tire it's been
highly proven it could meet your sport
touring needs thanks so much for
watching keep in mind also that there's
a matching front tire as well they
complement each other if their tread
pattern they're designed to work that
way so find them online thanks for
watching don't forget subscribe to us on
YouTube for more product videos